chore: adjust maxSessionPersistenceTime an export session related functionality (#387)
grafana/faro-web-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.2.8

- Change: Custom x-faro-session-id header will now be added to legacy sessions as well (#384).

> - Change: Lower maxSessionPersistenceTime for tracked session and export tooling to mak eit easier manually remove a persisted session (#387)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change: Lower maxSessionPersistenceTime for tracked session and export tooling to make it easier manually remove a persisted session (#387)
```
